Including Xamarin, React Native & Flutter in Native apps (#1851)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x04a-Mobile-App-Taxonomy.md

Some ambiguity exists when discussing *native apps* for Android as the platform provides two development kits - the Android SDK and the Android NDK. The SDK, which is based on the Java and Kotlin programming language, is the default for developing apps. The NDK (or Native Development Kit) is a C/C++ development kit used for developing binary libraries that can directly access lower level APIs (such as OpenGL). These libraries can be included in regular apps built with the SDK. Therefore, we say that Android *native apps* (i.e. built with the SDK) may have *native* code built with the NDK.

> The most obvious downside of *native apps* is that they target only one specific platform. To build the same app for both Android and iOS, one needs to maintain two independent code bases, or introduce often complex development tools to port a single code base to two platforms. Currently there are following frameworks which offer such functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most obvious downside of *native apps* is that they target only one specific platform. To build the same app for both Android and iOS, one needs to maintain two independent code bases, or introduce often complex development tools to port a single code base to two platforms. The following frameworks are an example of the latter and allow you to compile a single codebase for both Android and iOS.
```
Rewrote the last sentence a few times, and ended up with this.
